== README

Welcome to FoxLMP application.

* Database initialization
After db create and migration you can seed the database, then run `rake swagger:docs` to generate with prefilled demo
data, start localserver, and browse to /api-doc.
This will allow you to run different queries alive from apidoc.

Currently swagger will generate json files with demo auth data for shipper user(TODO later add possibility to swith
users). But you can easily switch that in ApiBaseController (line with finding demo shipper user, switch to email of
carrier user, see seeds.rb), then rerun rake task for doc regeneration.

* How to run the test suite
rspec
After full test you may browse to /coverage/ and see coverage report. Don't let it fall.

* Deployment instructions
Currently just push to master heroku.

* Live documnetation
For staging server you can prefill auth data (just like above), you need to seed then run swagger generator.
For heroku now:
$ heroku rake db:seed
$ heroku run rake swagger:docs FOR=heroku
TODO: heroku not letting to overwrite apidoc json files. find solution for that --> here is workaround:
The PROBLEM with heroku is that its not letting you overwrite .json files in apidocs folder.
To solve it you need take out client-id (first key in user.tokens) and access-token (in user.admin_notes) from
shipper user demo in:
$ heroku run rails console
And replace those defaultValue in .json files with search-and-replace

* Admin
To access and check admin panel you need to:
- Make seeded shipper user with roles of admin(via console)
- Regenerate swagger doc(to insert shipper user with admin roles into doc)
- Peform login via frontend(if ready) OR
- Go to /api-doc and perform any authorized query - note that auth fields are pre-filled in.
- Change url to /fox-admin